Add the delete graph for inter-workload dependencies to Ankaios server (#174)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: server/doc/swdesign/README.md

- utest
- stest

#### ServerState stores delete condition into delete graph
`swdd~server-state-stores-delete-condition~1`

Status: approved

When the ServerState adds a new workload to its State
and the workload has a dependency with the AddCondition equal to `ADD_COND_RUNNING`,
the ServerState shall insert the DeleteCondition `DelCondNotPendingNorRunning` for the dependency on that workload into its delete graph.

Comment: The dependency shall only be deleted if the workload depending on it is neither running nor waiting. Workload dependencies with AddCondition `ADD_COND_SUCCEEDED` or `ADD_COND_FAILED` do not need DeleteConditions.

Rationale: This prevents a workload that expects a dependency as running from errors or crashes if the dependency is deleted.

Tags:
- ServerState

Needs:
- impl
- utest

#### ServerState adds delete conditions for a deleted workload
`swdd~server-state-adds-delete-conditions-for-deleted-workload~1`

Status: approved

When the ServerState deletes a workload from its State,

> the ServerState shall insert the DeleteConditions from the delete graph into the deleted workload.

Reviewer: It is somehow rad to understand what this is about. Maybe we can say:
```suggestion
the ServerState shall insert the DeleteConditions from the delete graph into the `DeletedWorkload` message.
```

I now notice that we should also update the `swdd~server-detects-deleted-workload~1` to mention the message s.t. it is defined somewhere.
